Replace OperatorSource with CatalogSource for backing service in Service Binding (#25383)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/odc-connecting-components.adoc

You can establish a binding connection with Operator-backed components.

> This procedure walks through an example of creating a binding connection between a PostgreSQL Database service and a Node.js application. To create a binding connection with a service that is backed by the PostgreSQL Database Operator, you must first add the Red Hat-provided PostgreSQL Database Operator to the *OperatorHub* using a backing `CatalogSource` resource, and then install the Operator.

Reviewer: @pmacik thank you for your further update. I think it might be worth clarifying what the `CatalogSource` resource and the `Database` resource do here. In this line it states that a "backing `CatalogSource` resource" is used, but line 71 refers to a "`CatalogSource` resource" and a "backing `Database` resource". I think this introduction would be a good place to explain what the two components enable you to achieve and how they each contribute to that.

You could potentially consider moving the conceptual description in line 71 to this intro and leave the procedure to just state the actions.

Author: @pneedle-rh I've updated the docs accordingly with @Preeticp's help.

* Ensure that you have installed the *Service Binding Operator* from *OperatorHub*.

.Procedure

> . Create a `CatalogSource` that adds the PostgresSQL Operator provided by Red Hat to the *OperatorHub*. A backing `Database` exposes the binding information in secrets, ConfigMaps, status, and spec attributes.

Reviewer 2: @pmacik as per latest changes in the way CRDs/API objects are referenced in docs, the following changes will need to be made: 
Create a `CatalogSource` object/resource (use one of the two as relevant)....
A backing `Database` object/resource..
ConfigMaps/config maps

.. In the *+Add* view, click the *YAML* option to see the *Import YAML* screen.

> .. Add the following YAML file to apply the `CatalogSource`:

Reviewer 2: the `CatalogSource` object/resource

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: CatalogSource
metadata:
    name: sample-db-operators
    namespace: openshift-marketplace
spec:
    sourceType: grpc
    image: quay.io/redhat-developer/sample-db-operators-olm:v1
    displayName: Sample DB OLM registry
    updateStrategy:
        registryPoll:
            interval: 30m
----

> .. Click *Create* to create the `CatalogSource` in your cluster.

Reviewer 2: the `CatalogSource` object/resource

. Install the Red Hat-provided *PostgreSQL Database* Operator:
.. In the *Administrator* perspective of the console, navigate to *Operators -> OperatorHub*.
.. In the *Database* category, select the *PostgreSQL Database* Operator and install it.
. Create a database (DB) instance for the application:

> .. Switch to the *Developer* perspective and ensure that you are in the appropriate project (e.g. `test-project`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. Switch to the *Developer* perspective and ensure that you are in the appropriate project, for example, `test-project`.
```
